feat(changelog): containers-added-initial-support-for-waypoint 2023-04-11 (#1521)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2023/2023-04-11-containers-added-initial-support-for-waypoint.mdx

---
title: Initial support for Waypoint plugin
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #waypoint channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-04-11
category: serverless
product: containers
---

We added initial support for the scaleway waypoint plugin: https://github.com/scaleway/waypoint-plugin-scaleway

> Check out a tutorial available at the following address: https://github.com/Codelax/waypoint-scaleway-demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Codelax repository](https://github.com/Codelax/waypoint-scaleway-demo) for a demo on how to use the plugin. 
```
